I've found myself caught within the tension of many opposites lately. It seems like it is these moments where I feel greatly flustered by the sheer overwhelmingness (?) of life that I find solace sitting here typing out these restless thoughts. I barely know where to begin. I went on a trip to Japan a couple weeks ago, the journey there started out as pure chaos but eventually as things settled in, I realised how much I needed that break. Senior year has been more difficult than I had anticipated. I think about how these are supposed to be some of the most treasured days of my young-adult years, 2 months to graduating with my whole life ahead of me. My whole life ahead of me... that is quite a lot to figure out isn't it? 

*My whole life ahead of me...* It's supposed to feel like freedom, I think. and sometimes it does. but lately, it's been feeling like standing at the edge of an enourmous field, in the dark. Knowing I have to start walking soon but not being able to see more than a foot ahead. Eevery choice feels huge, every decision a different trajectory. All these things to consider - the career I want, the values I hope to build a life around, the kind of person I want to be, how do I get it all right? How do I even begin to discern what is *worth it*? 

I sat at the airport talking with someone I met at an interview I had a week ago, he was trying to convince me that all this altruisim was not worth it. "I was once like you, it's not worth it and you'll see.". I'd never been in a situation like such before. Usually it was encouraging words of strangers that would build me up, or the sudden inspiration from someone I least expected it from. Yet here I was, an hour after one of the most important interviews of my life, being told how all my hopes and goals and everything I had been working towards was... not worth it. It was odd.

There is a sort of dissonance that has been humming in my head like a low buzz. Caught between being a 22-year-old trying to "live life to the fullest", all while someone else is fighting to rebuild their life from a sudden wreckage. Caught between the pressure of finding a conventionally-successful career, and the feeling that there is so much more meaningful I could do. Maybe I'm just being too idealistic. I'm not sure if this stubborn belief that I could make a difference bigger than myself, is really worth it. 

I don't think I need all the answers right now, think maybe I just need to keep making the next right choice, step by step. and that stubborn belief, that hope for something more, is something I just have to carry with me right now, for a little longer.

