It's currently 3:01 PM on a Thursday and I'm sitting in a Business Analytics Intro to Programming class. I'm so jetlagged that if I close my eyes for five seconds I think I'll fall asleep. 

I'm thinking back on the last month of winter break, and as much as I loved it, I'm exhausted. If I had to give this season of my life a theme, it'd have to be about learning how to live in the in-between. The in-between of living in the right now and the worry what comes after. Like being happily present with my family on vacation while feeling bittersweet about the next time we'll all be together. Eating Shin ramen with my friend at a random (and the only) asian mart in Malaga (Spain) while taking in the fact that this is the last "winter break" I'll ever have. A week back in Singapore where I had just enough time to be with family and catch up with a few friends, but not enough to sit down and process my thoughts. Before I knew it, I was on a 19h flight back to New York about to start my last semester of college the next day. Even then, the excitement of going back and seeing my friends was coupled with the dull heartache knowing this semester is going to absolutely fly by. 

I guess if I really think about it, the overarching question I've been trying to gapple with is - how do I excel in the pursuit of tomorrow without diminishing the joy of today? How do I hold both being present in this moment with the striving towards what comes next? 

This was a pretty short entry, an effective way to keep me up during these slow introductory classes... which somehow also lies in the in-between, of wanting things to speed up but nothing more than for time to slow down...