I was recently in Toronto to visit one of my best friends. Although it was short, it was actually ...healing. We recently hit our 8 year friendship anniversary, and that might not mean much to some, but she has seen me through every up and down phase of my teenage+young adult years so far, and stuck with me despite. That to me, is incredibly special. As I looked through our photos on my bus ride back, I couldn't help but think - how lucky am I... to be able to be so deeply known yet so deeply loved. 

It's 2:14 AM and _Atlantis_ by Seafret is playing in the background. I finally have the time to sit down with my thoughts and just breathe, yet somehow I still feel uneasy. This past month been overwhelming in an unfamiliar way, the weight and pressure of adulthood seem to be constantly eating away at me. I've been so worried about figuring the future out that I haven't been able to be in the present. Isn't that ironic?

In a similar vein to my last post, I recently learned about the concept of tension of opposites through reading the book _Tuesdays with Morrie_. It essentially describes life’s constant, bidirectional pull, likening it to a rubber band stretched between opposing desires. Now that I know this idea has a name to it, I can say I've been increasingly more overwhelmed with the tension of opposites. Of wanting to leave something yet staying still, of seeing the worst in someone but still believing the best. Of wanting more yet realising I already have so much. I think I'm still figuring out how to hold space for the different opposites, and navigating how to know when to courageously lean into one side over the other.

It's a tricky thing... this thing called life. The more I live the more I learn. Some days like today, I get so caught up in the million and one thoughts, worries and to-dos + what ifs. I realise how much I need to take a step back to just breathe and just be. To hold what is right now, and accept the uncertainty of the future, but also the beauty in that. 